## LONG DESCRIPTION

Here I am introducing you all to a innovative idea put forward by the team Opus junkies. The main aim of "Quality education" is to create a link between charity and help needed.

Though this app the donations are made simple, trustworthy,contented. The underprivileged needful can request their respective need. The donor have access to choose where the money should be spent. The options are orphanages, educational facilities. The people who are in need of help can specify their requirements as both materials and financial help. We will clarify all the doubts of the donors and make sure that their money is reaching the right people. This app also provides facility to people who like to give their used electronic devices such as old laptops, tablets, mobile phones, calculators etc. The app also have an option called 'photos' where the pictures of the people recieving the help. This option will make the app trustworthy, gives satisfaction to the people who step out to help, inspires more and more people to lend help to the needy and poor.

There are many people out their who are ready to donate money or lend some help. whom to trust are a big problems. There are many fake peoples, companies and agencies even fraud calls that works  behind such charity name so through this app no curruption,no cheating will take place.people can trust it blindly. So by this linkage and right motive more children will be given the facility for education. Our members will visit the homes of the needy people, talk to them and provide support for their right requirements using the donated money.Right now this facility will only available for a limited space. But soon as the number of volunteers and donations increase we would increase the space.
